bug/inconsistent-lapsed-business-mins (#255)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk v1.5.1

[PR #255](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk/pull/255) includes the following update:

## Bug Fix

> - Fixes incorrect SLA reply time calculations in [`int_zendesk__reply_time_business_hours`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_zendesk/#!/model/model.zendesk.int_zendesk__reply_time_business_hours) and [`int_zendesk__reply_time_combined`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_zendesk/#!/model/model.zendesk.int_zendesk__reply_time_combined) for tickets with multiple SLA policies. Previously, `lapsed_business_minutes` and breach calculations mixed results across policies when the same `ticket_id`, `metric`, and `sla_applied_at` had more than one `sla_policy_name`. Window functions now partition by `sla_policy_name` to correctly isolate each policy's calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes non-deterministic SLA reply time calculations in [`int_zendesk__reply_time_business_hours`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_zendesk/#!/model/model.zendesk.int_zendesk__reply_time_business_hours) and [`int_zendesk__reply_time_combined`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_zendesk/#!/model/model.zendesk.int_zendesk__reply_time_combined) for tickets with multiple SLA policies. Previously, `lapsed_business_minutes` and breach calculations mixed results across policies when the same `ticket_id`, `metric`, and `sla_applied_at` had more than one `sla_policy_name`. Window functions now partition by `sla_policy_name` to correctly isolate each policy's calculation.
```

Just to convey that it was _sometimes_ incorrect
